hello this is a review fonder from a
what's it called video camera from 1993
and I just extracted it from a camera
it's in great shape really lucky to see
that it has only three contacts 4.8
volts round and video so that's that is
great and I just tested it and it works
and now I'm gonna do something really
good with it and no I'm not gonna show
porn that's weird
oh and I'm running off a cellphone
charger yeah
I'm just gonna just some stuff here
that should maybe do it there now let's
try it
you can see
maybe from general pepper Priority One
Starbuck and broth has declared war
agent a to the lilac victims and trying
to take over corneria our army alone and
to the town yeah I'm gonna play star fox
64 and this is really hard to see for me
and my webcam does not really do this
justice it's a little better than that
area but it's not likeable I'm oh yeah
let me walk out you on your tail
we're entering corneria pudding now yeah
and as a side note I think this is the
smallest screen anyone has ever played
starfox 64 on so yeah world record
everybody stay alert
okay I don't really want this to be a
gameplay video but it's such a great
game okay let's see here what we got
here is a really tiny driver circuit and
this crap
there we go and this ugly ass balls
connected to my cell phone charger and
this is a small kind of Ridge thing I
made to connect to my speakers yeah oh
well
okay I think we should go back to the
game now yeah
I'll take this get the one behind me
something's wrong with the feed up here
oh man I'm gonna have to back off
yeah well that's that I'm not gonna play
forever but there we go yeah this is
kind of an overview of my connections
here yeah
goodbye